README.md, before:

# Lovelace simple thermostat card

A different take on the thermostat card for Home Assistant Lovelace UI.
The aim is to provide a card with simpler interactions that are easier to use and take up less space, as well as provide more modularity to tweak the card. For example the abiltity to embed sensor values that are relevant to your thermostat (like humidity, energy usage, hours on +++).

![Example thermostat](https://github.com/nervetattoo/simple-thermostat/raw/master/thermostat-card.png)

## Requirements

Home Assistant 0.84 or higher

## Installation

1. Download the repo as a zip or with git clone and store it in `www/simple-thermostat/` in your configuration folder.
2. Configure Lovelace to load the card:
    ```
    resources:
      - url: /local/simple-thermostat/simple-thermostat.js?v=1
        type: module
    ```
### *(Optional)* Add to custom updater

1. Make sure you've the [custom_updater](https://github.com/custom-components/custom_updater) component installed and working.
2. Add a new reference under `card_urls` in your `custom_updater` configuration in `configuration.yaml`.

  ```yaml
  custom_updater:
    card_urls:
      - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nervetattoo/simple-thermostat/master/tracker.json
  ```

## Available configuration options:

* `entity` *string*: The thermostat entity id **required**
* `name` *string|false*: Override the card name, or disable showing a name at all. Default is to use the friendly_name of the thermostat provided
* `icon` *string|object*: Show an icon next to the card name. You can also pass an object to specify state-specific icons. Defaults state-specific icons radiator/radiator-disabled/snowflake
  * `idle`: *string*: Use this icon for state idle
  * `heat`: *string* Use this icon for state heat
  * `cool`: *string* Use this icon for state cool
* `step_size` *number*: Override the default 0.5 step size for increasing/decreasing the temperature
* `hide` *object*: Control specifically information fields to show. Defaults to showing everything
  * `temperature`: *bool*
  * `state`: *bool*
  * `mode`: *bool*
* `sensors` *array*
  * `entity` *string*: A sensor value entity id
  * `attribute` *string*: The key for an attribute provided by the main entity (for example `min_temp`)
  * `name` *string*: Specify a sensor name to use instead of the default friendly_name

## Example usage:

```yaml
cards:
  - type: custom:simple-thermostat
    entity: climate.my_room
    step_size: 1
    sensors:
      - entity: sensor.fibaro_system_fgwpef_wall_plug_gen5_energy
      - entity: sensor.fibaro_system_fgwpef_wall_plug_gen5_power
        name: Energy today
      - attribute: min_temp
        name: Min temp
    hide:
      mode: true
```

Commit message:

Rename main file to index.js and update readme about source install

README.md, after:

# Lovelace simple thermostat card

A different take on the thermostat card for Home Assistant Lovelace UI.
The aim is to provide a card with simpler interactions that are easier to use and take up less space, as well as provide more modularity to tweak the card. For example the abiltity to embed sensor values that are relevant to your thermostat (like humidity, energy usage, hours on +++).

![Example thermostat](https://github.com/nervetattoo/simple-thermostat/raw/master/thermostat-card.png)

## Requirements

Home Assistant 0.84 or higher

## Installation

1. Download the `simple-thermostat.min.js` from the [latest release](https://github.com/nervetattoo/simple-thermostat/releases/latest) and store it in your `configuration/www` folder.
   _Previously you could download the source file from Github but starting from the 0.14 release that is no longer possible. If you try to do so it will crash_
2. Configure Lovelace to load the card:
   ```
   resources:
     - url: /local/simple-thermostat.min.js?v=1
       type: module
   ```

### _(Recommended)_ Add to custom updater

1. Make sure you've the [custom_updater](https://github.com/custom-components/custom_updater) component installed and working.
2. Add a new reference under `card_urls` in your `custom_updater` configuration in `configuration.yaml`.

```yaml
custom_updater:
  card_urls:
    - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nervetattoo/simple-thermostat/master/tracker.json
```

## Available configuration options:

- `entity` _string_: The thermostat entity id **required**
- `name` _string|false_: Override the card name, or disable showing a name at all. Default is to use the friendly_name of the thermostat provided
- `icon` _string|object_: Show an icon next to the card name. You can also pass an object to specify state-specific icons. Defaults state-specific icons radiator/radiator-disabled/snowflake
  - `idle`: _string_: Use this icon for state idle
  - `heat`: _string_ Use this icon for state heat
  - `cool`: _string_ Use this icon for state cool
- `step_size` _number_: Override the default 0.5 step size for increasing/decreasing the temperature
- `hide` _object_: Control specifically information fields to show. Defaults to showing everything
  - `temperature`: _bool_
  - `state`: _bool_
  - `mode`: _bool_
- `sensors` _array_
  - `entity` _string_: A sensor value entity id
  - `attribute` _string_: The key for an attribute provided by the main entity (for example `min_temp`)
  - `name` _string_: Specify a sensor name to use instead of the default friendly_name

## Example usage:

```yaml
cards:
  - type: custom:simple-thermostat
    entity: climate.my_room
    step_size: 1
    sensors:
      - entity: sensor.fibaro_system_fgwpef_wall_plug_gen5_energy
      - entity: sensor.fibaro_system_fgwpef_wall_plug_gen5_power
        name: Energy today
      - attribute: min_temp
        name: Min temp
    hide:
      mode: true
```
